[ Music ]
>> Hi, I'm Rachel Magario, and
I'm originally from Brazil,
but I've lived in the U.S. for 17 years.
I came here originally for college, and I
lost my sight when I was about six years old.
A lot of people think I can see some, but
really I cannot see anything other than light.
But that hasn't stopped me
from continuing my life.
That's my visible disability.
And then I have a couple of invisible ones.
When I was 20 years old and I was a freshman
in college I got run over by a car on campus,
and I broke two vertebras and had a head
concussion, several staples in my head.
And I also got a kidney failure due to that.
So I went to college doing
dialysis for about five years.
It took me seven years to finish college.
And I got two degrees.
And I also had to go through
some kidney transplant.
Today I work for the Simon
Technology Center at Pacer.
Pacer Center is an advocacy parent
agency, but we have several projects
and Simon Technology is only one of them.
So I'm an assistant technology -- I'm
an assistant technology specialist.
And what I do is try to help people
with their correct technology
to help them overcome a limitation.
[ Music ]